I made 3 scss files. The 3 partial scss files which are base.scss, components.scss, layout.scss. They will be compiled to the 
main scss file. 

The base file will contain the variables, and the reset. We set the html to have a box-sizing of border box. And then
we set all the elements and the pseudoelements to border-box. The reason we set inherit is because some elements may not
have inbuilt inherit border-box and so it will not work as intended, which is why we do it this way. We set the 
font-size to 62.5% as the global font size. This font size is the root font size which will determine how much 1rem will
be. From the browser the font size is 16, and 62.5 is 10px. So 1 rem will be equal to 10px now. If we change the font size
in the browser it will scale accordingly if we use percentages. However, if we set the root font size in the html it will
not scale accordingly.

The body element will contain the font-family. It is not required to put in the html tag. We will use the open
sans but if it is not available then use the sans-serif.

We we discuss about css variables. What is the difference between this can sass variables?? The first advantage is that
you wont need a preprocessor(that is we wont need a seperate file). The other reason is that they can be manipulated in
javascript and the dev tools. We can use them in the calc function and they cascade and they are inherited. 

Now to use the properties. Inorder to use these custom properties we need to define them in a scope. But we need to be 
careful where we put them. The css properties will be present in that block and its children. So we need one central place
where they will be collected. And that place is the root pseudoclass. By placing it in the :root {} class they will be
avaialble throughout our whole document. The root psedo selector has a higher spec than the html element. 

The notation of css variables are 
--name-something: somethinesle

to use the variable we use the var() keyword and input the css custom property.

For now we will put min-height of 100vh so that we see the red background.

The main file will contain import statements like so @import "base";

