46/

a new form scss file was made and the element were modified. 

You can modify the input area by modifying selecting the class name.
The padding on the containing the letter such as 
Full name a padding on the top,bottom and on the side. 
The side is given a bit more. This is for visual effects
i suppose. You will see some indentation.


we gave the input a background color of white and some opacity of 50%
we made the border radis of 2px and removed the border

Note that the font is different inside the input element. Generally in the begining it is not 
set to inherit by deafult so we need to change that.
We use the font-family inherit to change that in the scss file.

So now we want to have some space between the two inputs. The div that houses the input needs to be
separated. we need to add marign. But we dont want to add margin to the last hence we need to choose
all except the last one. We use the not pseudoclass and pass in the :lastchild

We need to remove the outline so we use the focus pseudoclass to remove it. Set outline to none.
We need to show interativity however, so if one one is navigating with tab we want them to know that
they are in the the field. We set some shadow using box shadow and put some color in the border bottom
when we focus.

we add 
border-bottom: 3px solid transparent;
to the normal form because otherwise it will shiftdownwands when we focus on the field

We now want to change the color of the placeholder for that we use a pseudoclass 
&::-webkit-input-placeholder and make a new color grey.

We changed the witdh to occupy 90% of the witdh and set display to block to force the label downwards

At this stage we want to change the color when the form is validated or not.

now then when do we want it to look red when invalid? we want it to be invalid when it is focused but invalid.
So &:focused:invalid will do the trick. 

We want to get some animation going on the label element. This is tricky because we want the website to know when 
the placeholder is not empty and then apply the styling to the label element. This is without using javascript 
so it is tough.

https://css-tricks.com/multiple-class-id-selectors/. gives a good example of using spaces for css selectors. It is
called the Descendant combinator. Basically if you use spaces for css then you access the descendants.

So the question is if placeholder is shown we want to do some styling on the label element. That is we want it 
to be invisible. The question is how to select. &__input:placeholder-shown * &__label. * is the adjacent sibling 
selector. 

We set opacity to 0 and set visiblity to hidden. The reason we have both is because we cannot animate the visibility.

&__input:placeholder-shown + &__label {
		opacity: 0;
		visibility: hidden;
	}

will disable when we type and the written css for 
&__label will activate and animate all of them. 

It should be noted that no styling will remain fixed as you disable. it is set to default when the selector no longer
applies

I put 4 rem because that is approximately where the placeholder is relative to the activated

