in this section the popup was made. The popup class has a background of transparent black and position of fixed
as we want it to remain as we scroll downwards. We align it on the top left. Notge that we had to increase
the z index. The content is the white rectangle. Oddly we dont have t he height specfied. We will let it
dynamically increase in size as we add content. We give it position of absolute and and center it using translate
propeties. We set the display to table and set overflow to hidden. if not hidden the image will overflow into the outside
because of the border radius of 3px. 

We divide up the content into left and right divs. The left will be witdh of 33.333% and display property of 
table-cell.The img class is inside the left class. We set the class on the images as display block and the 
witdh as 100% (of parent element which is the left class). 

On the right hand side the witdh is 66.6667% and is also a table cell. This is the reason we used table cell. We
wanted to align the content on the right hand side in the middle. it is an easy and effective way to do it.
we add some padding on the on top,bottom and left,right to give some room for the content.

Finally we make the font-size of 1.4 and add some margin on the bottom of the text to give space for between it and
the button.

We also added some utility classes on h2 and h3 tags.

now we want to have two different columns for the text. We want to divide up the text and we do this by 
specifying the column-count property and the column gap. The column count is the number of columns
and the column gap is the gap between them and trhe column rule is the verticle line that seperates the columns
we give it a color of grey-dark.

We put hyphens auto for the system to automatically figure out where to put the hypens. For the hypens to work
correctly you need to specify the language property on the top of the page.

you need to add prefixs for the hypens property because it is not supported in all browsers. But note that there
are tools that do this for you 