When we start writing Css we start with the large screen and then we use media queries to shrink design for smaller screen.
We use media queries to stest for max width.

For mobile first we write CSS for mobile screens and then write media queries for min-width.

Lets take the max-witdh. This means that the CSS will apply aslong as the max-width is below the specified size.

If you had a view port size that is inbetween the two max-witdh then both media queries will apply.

Note that if you have conflicting CSS in the two media queries then the one that appears the last will take precedence
Media queries have any specificity. 

In min-width it is the opposite. Basically, the media-query will begin to apply after say 600px.

what is the pros and cons for mobile first.
The website is optimised for website design and reduces the website to the absolute essentials
results in smaller,faster and more efficient products
prioritizes content over aesthetic design, which may be desirable

But the disadvatange is that the desktop version may feel overly empty and simplictic. 
More difficult and counterintuitive to develop
Less creative freedom, making it more diffucult to creatre distinctive products
clients are used to see a desktop version of the site as a prototype
do your users even use the mobile internet? Whats in the purpose of your website

But whatever method your choose mobile first or desktop first you need to keep in mind. You must design for both

What is the best way of choosing the breakpoints?
According to the instructur there are 3 ways. The bad the good and the perfect. 

The bad way is to set the breakpoint
using apple products. This is because you are optimising for one product and it is not future proof. 

The good way is to check for most used witdh for specfic devices and try to group them and set the breakpoints

The perfect way is to check when the design breaks and then apply breakpoints and then fix them.

We will use the good way because the perfect way is too time consuming. We use the stat counter to find the most 
common breakpoints. 

600px for phones only,
600px - 900px for tablet portrait,
900px - 1200px for tablet landscape,
1200px-1800px for desktop,
1800px and above for big desktop





